## Tirangaa Movie in Hindi 720p: A Patriotic Action Thriller

  
# Tirangaa Movie in Hindi 720p: A Patriotic Action Thriller
 
Tirangaa is a 1992 Hindi action thriller film directed by Mehul Kumar and starring Raaj Kumar, Nana Patekar, Mamta Kulkarni and Varsha Usgaonkar. The film revolves around the plot of a terrorist group led by a rogue Indian army officer who plans to assassinate the President of India and detonate a nuclear bomb in Delhi. The film was a huge hit at the box office and received positive reviews from critics and audiences alike.
 
## Tirangaa movie in hindi 720p


[**DOWNLOAD**](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fbltlly.com%2F2tKeww&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw1eBEP-vCYFokHwALwLsUV-)

 
In this article, we will tell you how to watch Tirangaa movie in Hindi 720p online for free. Tirangaa movie in Hindi 720p is available on several streaming platforms such as YouTube, Hotstar, Zee5 and MX Player. You can also download Tirangaa movie in Hindi 720p from various torrent sites such as Filmyzilla, Filmywap, Movierulz and Tamilrockers. However, we do not recommend or endorse any illegal or pirated sources of watching or downloading Tirangaa movie in Hindi 720p as it may violate the copyright laws and harm the film industry.
 
Instead, we suggest you to watch Tirangaa movie in Hindi 720p legally and ethically on the official streaming platforms that have the rights to stream the film. By doing so, you will not only enjoy the high-quality video and audio of Tirangaa movie in Hindi 720p but also support the makers and actors of the film who have worked hard to entertain you. Tirangaa movie in Hindi 720p is a patriotic action thriller that will keep you on the edge of your seat with its gripping story, powerful performances and patriotic dialogues. Don't miss this classic film that celebrates the spirit of India and its flag.
  
Tirangaa movie in Hindi 720p features some of the most iconic and memorable scenes and dialogues in Bollywood history. One of the most famous scenes is when Raaj Kumar's character Brigadier Suryadev Singh confronts the villain Pralaynath Gendaswamy played by Deepak Shirke and delivers a fiery speech about the importance of the Indian flag and the nation. Another scene that is widely quoted and admired is when Nana Patekar's character Inspector Shivajirao Wagle defuses a bomb with a pair of scissors and a chewing gum while reciting a poem. The film also has some catchy songs composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal such as "Peele Peele O More Raja", "Yeh Aan Tirangaa Hai" and "Oye Rabba Meri Jaan Bachale".
 
Tirangaa movie in Hindi 720p is not only a commercial success but also a critical acclaim. The film won several awards and nominations at various film festivals and ceremonies. Raaj Kumar won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Brigadier Suryadev Singh. Nana Patekar was nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for his role as Inspector Shivajirao Wagle. The film also won the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment. The film was praised for its direction, screenplay, cinematography, editing, music, action and performances.
 
Tirangaa movie in Hindi 720p is a must-watch for every Indian who loves their country and their flag. The film is a tribute to the brave soldiers and police officers who sacrifice their lives to protect the nation from internal and external threats. The film also inspires the viewers to respect and uphold the values and ideals of the Indian constitution and democracy. Tirangaa movie in Hindi 720p is a timeless masterpiece that will always remain relevant and resonant in the hearts and minds of the Indian people.
 0f148eb4a0
